docs/openings/one-heart-one-spade-interference.md, before:

# 1♥/1♠ Openings - Interference

??? note "Responses after 1♥ - (X)"
    ### Responses after 1♥ - (X)

    | Response | Description                        |
    | -------- | ---------------------------------- |
    | XX       | 10+; balanced hand                 |
    | 1♠       | 5-10; 5+♠, non-forcing             |
    | 1NT      | Transfer to ♣, forcing             |
    | 2♣       | Transfer to ♦, forcing             |
    | 2♦       | Transfer to ♥, weak raise, forcing |
    | 2♥       | 7-10; standard raise with ♥ fit    |
    | 3♣       | 8-11; 5+♣, 3-card ♥ fit            |
    | 3♦       | 8-11; 5+♦, 3-card ♥ fit            |

    #### Note

    - After opponent’s double, 1NT, 2♣, and 2♦ are transfers showing 5+♣/♦/♥, forcing, usable with weak or strong hands. 3♣/3♦ show own suit and 3-card ♥ fit, aiding game or part-score decisions. Other bids (e.g., 2♠, 2NT) are as without interference.

??? note "Responses after 1♠ - (X)"
    ### Responses after 1♠ - (X)

    | Response | Description                     |
    | -------- | ------------------------------- |
    | XX       | 10+; balanced hand              |
    | 1NT      | Transfer to ♣, forcing          |
    | 2♣       | Transfer to ♦, forcing          |
    | 2♦       | Transfer to ♥, forcing          |
    | 2♥       | 3-6; weak raise with ♠ fit      |
    | 2♠       | 7-10; standard raise with ♠ fit |
    | 3♣       | 8-11; 5+♣, 3-card ♠ fit         |
    | 3♦       | 8-11; 5+♦, 3-card ♠ fit         |

    #### Note

    - After opponent’s double, 1NT, 2♣, and 2♦ are transfers showing 5+♣/♦/♥, forcing, usable with weak or strong hands. 3♣/3♦ show own suit and 3-card ♠ fit. Other bids are as without double.

??? note "Meaning of Redouble After Interference"
    ### Meaning of Redouble After Interference

    The aim of the redouble in this situation is not to punish the opposition. With values in the opponent's suit, we pass to dissuade partner from bidding again.

??? note "Responses after 1♥/1♠ - (Overcall)"
    ### Responses after 1♥/1♠ - (Overcall)

    When an opponent overcalls our 1♥ or 1♠ opening bid, the following responses promise a fit in the opened major.

    | Bid             | Description                                  |
    | --------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
    | 2NT             | Game forcing with fit                        |
    | Opponent’s suit | Invitation to game with fit or "bad forcing" |

    #### Note

    - If responder is a passed hand, both bids (2NT and the opponent’s suit) invite game. 2NT is the stronger bid and promises a four-card fit.
    - If the opener has a broken honor sequence in the opponent’s suit, the best contract may be 3NT played from their hand. Therefore, responder with a hand otherwise suitable for 3NT bids the opponent’s suit (as "bad forcing"), while 2NT shows a distributional hand unsuitable for 3NT.

Commit message:

Add dealing with two-suited overcalls

docs/openings/one-heart-one-spade-interference.md, after:

# 1♥/1♠ Openings - Interference

??? note "Responses after 1♥ - (X)"
    ### Responses after 1♥ - (X)

    | Response | Description                        |
    | -------- | ---------------------------------- |
    | XX       | 10+; balanced hand                 |
    | 1♠       | 5-10; 5+♠, non-forcing             |
    | 1NT      | Transfer to ♣, forcing             |
    | 2♣       | Transfer to ♦, forcing             |
    | 2♦       | Transfer to ♥, weak raise, forcing |
    | 2♥       | 7-10; standard raise with ♥ fit    |
    | 3♣       | 8-11; 5+♣, 3-card ♥ fit            |
    | 3♦       | 8-11; 5+♦, 3-card ♥ fit            |

    #### Note

    - After opponent’s double, 1NT, 2♣, and 2♦ are transfers showing 5+♣/♦/♥, forcing, usable with weak or strong hands. 3♣/3♦ show own suit and 3-card ♥ fit, aiding game or part-score decisions. Other bids (e.g., 2♠, 2NT) are as without interference.

??? note "Responses after 1♠ - (X)"
    ### Responses after 1♠ - (X)

    | Response | Description                     |
    | -------- | ------------------------------- |
    | XX       | 10+; balanced hand              |
    | 1NT      | Transfer to ♣, forcing          |
    | 2♣       | Transfer to ♦, forcing          |
    | 2♦       | Transfer to ♥, forcing          |
    | 2♥       | 3-6; weak raise with ♠ fit      |
    | 2♠       | 7-10; standard raise with ♠ fit |
    | 3♣       | 8-11; 5+♣, 3-card ♠ fit         |
    | 3♦       | 8-11; 5+♦, 3-card ♠ fit         |

    #### Note

    - After opponent’s double, 1NT, 2♣, and 2♦ are transfers showing 5+♣/♦/♥, forcing, usable with weak or strong hands. 3♣/3♦ show own suit and 3-card ♠ fit. Other bids are as without double.

??? note "Meaning of Redouble After Interference"
    ### Meaning of Redouble After Interference

    The aim of the redouble in this situation is not to punish the opposition. With values in the opponent's suit, we pass to dissuade partner from bidding again.

??? note "Responses after 1♥/1♠ - (Overcall)"
    ### Responses after 1♥/1♠ - (Overcall)
    <a id="responses-after-1-1---overcall"></a>

    When an opponent overcalls our 1♥ or 1♠ opening bid, the following responses promise a fit in the opened major.

    | Bid             | Description                                  |
    | --------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
    | 2NT             | Game forcing with fit                        |
    | Opponent’s suit | Invitation to game with fit or "bad forcing" |

    - **Note**: For two-suited overcalls (e.g., 2♥ or 2♠ Michaels, or 2NT showing both minors after 1♥), see [Bidding After an Opponent’s Two-Suited Overcall](../after-intervention/bidding-after-two-suited-overcall.md).

    #### Note

    - If responder is a passed hand, both bids (2NT and the opponent’s suit) invite game. 2NT is the stronger bid and promises a four-card fit.
    - If the opener has a broken honor sequence in the opponent’s suit, the best contract may be 3NT played from their hand. Therefore, responder with a hand otherwise suitable for 3NT bids the opponent’s suit (as "bad forcing"), while 2NT shows a distributional hand unsuitable for 3NT.
